learning/week4/viz.md, before:

# Visualization

Using Tableau, create visualization for each question in the report. You will
work on this independently just like last week.

To include a Tableau visualization in your report, take a screenshot, save it as an image,
put it in the `learning/week2` folder, and replace `![screenshot](screenshot.png)`  with
your own image. Please makes sure your screenshot includes the _entire_ Tableau interface
including the controls, widgets ...etc.

# Import

Data: [fcq.clean.json](https://github.com/bigdatahci2015/book/blob/master/hackathons/fcq/fcq.clean.json)

(a copy of this file is in your book repository already in the directory `hackathons/fcq`)

This dataset is provided to you in the JSON format. Your first task is to figure out
how to transform this JSON file into a format that can be fed into Tableau. As
a junior and senior, you are expected to be able to look around the Internet
to problem solve.

# (Question 1)

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

(write your explanation for the reader as to where to look at this chart in order
    to see the answer)

# (Question 2)

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

(write your explanation for the reader as to where to look at this chart in order
    to see the answer)

# (Question 3)

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

(write your explanation for the reader as to where to look at this chart in order
    to see the answer)

# (Question 4)

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

(write your explanation for the reader as to where to look at this chart in order
    to see the answer)

# (Question 5)

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

(write your explanation for the reader as to where to look at this chart in order
    to see the answer)

Commit message:

Completed Week 4 individual learning - Tableau

learning/week4/viz.md, after:

# Visualization

Using Tableau, create visualization for each question in the report. You will
work on this independently just like last week.

To include a Tableau visualization in your report, take a screenshot, save it as an image,
put it in the `learning/week2` folder, and replace `![screenshot](screenshot.png)`  with
your own image. Please makes sure your screenshot includes the _entire_ Tableau interface
including the controls, widgets ...etc.

# Import

Data: [fcq.clean.json](https://github.com/bigdatahci2015/book/blob/master/hackathons/fcq/fcq.clean.json)

(a copy of this file is in your book repository already in the directory `hackathons/fcq`)

This dataset is provided to you in the JSON format. Your first task is to figure out
how to transform this JSON file into a format that can be fed into Tableau. As
a junior and senior, you are expected to be able to look around the Internet
to problem solve.

# What department should I take classes in if I want to boost my GPA? 

![Highest GPA](q1_highestgpa.png)

The largest box in the upper left displays the subject name and label for the department of classes in which the percentage of students who receive an A is the highest. 

# Which classes have the maximum hours spent (13-15) per week? 

![Highest Workload](q2_workload.png)

The table lists the courses in each department that have the highest workload in terms of hours spent on the class per week.

# What department has the lowest average GPA?

![Lowest GPA](q3_lowestgpa.png)

The lightest bubbles indicate departments with the lowest GPA. The data was filtered to only display departments with average GPAs of 3.25 and lower for readability purposes.

# Which classes (with specific professors) damaged the most students? 

![Damaged Students](q4_damage.png)

The area graphs under each class show the percentage of students who received a C, C-, D, and F in the class respectively. The data was filtered to only display classes where the percentage of students with bad grades was greater than 10%.
